Update README file with new procedure to add new address (#850)
safe-global/safe-eth-py: README.rst

    pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
    pre-commit install -f

Add new address for new chains
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you want to add a new Safe contract address to the library for an existing chain or add support for a new chain and
> its contracts, you must open a new issue of
> type `"Add safe addresses for a new chain" <https://github.com/safe-global/safe-eth-py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=
> add-new-address&projects=&template=add_safe_address_new_chain.yml&title=%5BNew+chain%5D%3A+%7Bchain+name%7D>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add Safe Smart Account support for a new chain you must `open a new issue <https://github.com/safe-global/safe-eth-py/issues/new?assignees=&labels=
add-new-address&projects=&template=add_safe_address_new_chain.yml&title=%5BNew+chain%5D%3A+%7Bchain+name%7D>`_.
```

> Once the issue is created or edited, an automatic validation will be executed. Finally, the Safe team will create and
> merge an automatic PR (Pull Request) from the issue with the necessary changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the issue is created or edited, an automatic validation will be executed and a **Pull Request** will be created if everything is ok. Finally, the Safe team will review and merge the automatic **Pull Request** generated from the issue.
```
